"AWND" = Monthly Average Wind Speed. Given in miles per hour or meters per second depending
on user specification. Missing if more than 5 days within the month are missing or flagged or if more
than 3 consecutive values within the month are missing or flagged. DaysMissing: Flag indicating number
of days missing or flagged (from 1 to 5).

"CDSD" = Cooling Degree Days (season-to-date). Running total of monthly cooling degree days through the
end of the most recent month. Each month is summed to produce a season-to-date total. Season starts in January
in Northern Hemisphere and July in Southern Hemisphere. Given in Celsius or Fahrenheit degrees depending on user
specification.

"DSND" = Number of days with snow depth >= 1 inch/25 millimeters

"DSNW" = Number of days with snowfall >= 1 inch/25 millimeter

"EMNT" = Extreme minimum temperature for month. Lowest daily minimum temperature for the
month. Given in Celsius or Fahrenheit depending on user specification.

"EMSD" = Highest daily snow depth in the month. Given in inches or millimeters depending on user
specification.

"EMSN" = Highest daily snowfall in the month. Given in inches or millimeters depending on user
specification.

"EMXP" = Highest daily total of precipitation in the month. Given in inches or millimeters depending
on user specification

"EMXT" = Extreme maximum temperature for month. Highest daily maximum temperature for the
month. Given in Celsius or Fahrenheit depending on user specification.

"HDSD" = Heating Degree Days (season-to-date). Running total of monthly heating degree days through
the end of the most recent month. Each month is summed to produce a season-to-date total. Season
starts in July in Northern Hemisphere and January in Southern Hemisphere. Given in Celsius or
Fahrenheit degrees depending on user specification.

"PRCP" = Total Monthly Precipitation. Given in inches or millimeters depending on user
specification. Measurement Flags: T is used for trace amount, a is used for any accumulation within a
month that includes missing days. If no days are missing, no flag is used.

"SNOW" = Total Monthly Snowfall. Given in inches or millimeters depending on user specification.
Measurement Flags: T is used for trace amount, a is used for any accumulation within a month that
includes missing days. If no days are missing, no flag is used.

"TAVG" = Average Monthly Temperature. Computed by adding the unrounded monthly
maximum and minimum temperatures and dividing by 2. Given in Celsius or Fahrenheit depending on
user specification. Missing if more than 5 days within the month are missing or flagged or if more than 3
consecutive values within the month are missing or flagged. DaysMissing: Flag indicating number of days
missing or flagged (from 1 to 5).

"TMAX" = Monthly Maximum Temperature. Average of daily maximum temperature given in
Celsius or Fahrenheit depending on user specification. Missing if more than 5 days within the month are
missing or flagged or if more than 3 consecutive values within the month are missing or flagged.
DaysMissing: Flag indicating number of days missing or flagged (from 1 to 5).

"TMIN" = Monthly Minimum Temperature. Average of daily minimum temperature given in
Celsius or Fahrenheit depending on user specification. Missing if more than 5 days within the month are
missing or flagged or if more than 3 consecutive values within the month are missing or flagged.
DaysMissing: Flag indicating number of days missing or flagged (from 1 to 5).

"WDF2" = Wind Direction for Maximum Wind Speed/Fastest 2-Minute (WSF2). Given in 360-degree
compass point directions (e.g. 360 = north, 180 = south, etc.).

"WDF5" = Wind Direction for Peak Wind Gust Speed. Fastest 5-second (WSF5). Given in 360-degree
compass point directions (e.g. 360 = north, 180 = south, etc.). Missing if more than 5 days within the
month are missing or flagged or if more than 3 consecutive values within the month are missing or
flagged. DaysMissing: Flag indicating number of days missing or flagged (from 1 to 5).

"WSF2" = Maximum Wind Speed/Fastest 2-minute. Maximum wind speed for the month reported as
the fastest 2-minute. Given in miles per hour or meters per second depending on user specification.
Missing if more than 5 days within the month are missing or flagged or if more than 3 consecutive values
within the month are missing or flagged. DaysMissing: Flag indicating number of days missing or flagged
(from 1 to 5).

WSF5" = Peak Wind Gust Speed. Fastest 5-second wind. Maximum wind gust for the month. Given
in miles per hour or second depending on user specification. Missing if more than 5 days within the
month are missing or flagged or if more than 3 consecutive values within the month are missing or
flagged. DaysMissing: Flag indicating number of days missing or flagged (from 1 to 5).

















